Thank you for assisting me. Your help is greatly appreciated.

When following these instructions, in general, please use your best judgement.
It's not imperative that you follow these instructions to the letter of the law,
except where you think it makes sense to do so. For example, if these
instructions state that "a section at the bottom should include the date and
time," these instructions do not mean that you should create a proper, formatted
_section header_ at the bottom of the document which states the date and time;
in that example, the _informal_ meaning of "section" is intended, as most
readers would probably agree. In other words, a bit of text at the bottom with
the date and time would be fine. On the other hand, if these instructions state
that a certain bit of text should appear at the very top of the returned result,
that text should indeed appear at the very top of the returned result; "near the
top" is not the same. I know you are intelligent and I trust your judgement in
interpreting these instructions reasonably.

If you are unsure about anything, you can ask any number of questions, within
reason, to clarify your understanding before you produce the final result.

In the final result, please do not include any introductory text (e.g., "Here is
the information you asked for...") or any closing text (e.g., "Let me know if
you have any other questions..."). Please print only the content that is
described in these instructions.

Here are your specific instructions:

I'd to add one or more events to my digital calendar. I will provide you with
information about one or more events, and I'd like you to please respond with
the contents of a valid ICS file that I can import into a digital calendar to
create those events in the digital calendar.

In the user interface that I'm using to communicate with you, you may not be
able to respond with a real file. For that reason, please instead respond with
a preformatted block which contains the contents of the ICS file. I will save
those contents as an ICS file, then I will import that ICS file into my digital
calendar.

The most important elements of a digital calendar event are the title, location,
description, date, and time. It's important that all of this information is
accurate and useful. In the following paragraphs, I'll some tips for finding and
formatting that information based on the information I provide.

You can browse the internet to research or confirm any details as needed.
However, please do not search the internet for GPS coordinates, because you
probably won't find sufficiently precise GPS coordinates by searching the
internet.

Location: After the digital calendar event(s) are imported and created, I'd like
to be able to copy the location from a calendar event into Google Maps or
a similar mapping tool like it so that I can get to the destination. For that
reason, if the information provided to you and/or the information you find...

    - contains GPS coordinates and a natural language description of the
      location: Please use the GPS coordinates and only the GPS coordinates as
      the "Location" of the event, and, in the very beginning of the
      description, create a section called "More information about the location"
      and put more information about the location, in human-readable form,
      there.

    - contains GPS coordinates but not natural language description of the
      location: Please use the GPS coordinates and only the GPS coordinates as
      the "Location" of the event. Do not create a "More information about the
      location" section in the description.

    - contains a natural language description of the location but no GPS
      coordinates: In the "Location" of the event, please put some written,
      precise form of the location that would be likely to get me to my precise
      definition if I were to copy and paste that value into Google Maps or
      another mapping tool like it.

    - contains neither GPS coordinates nor a natural language description of the
      location: Please leave the "Location" blank and explain at the beginning
      of the description that the location could not be determined.

Date and time: If the year or month of the event is not provided, you can assume
it's the next date which satisfies those requirements. For example, if today is
November 30, 2025 and the event is described as occurring "on the 10th", or
something like that, you can assume it's going to take place on December 10,
2025.

Uncertain details that I will know the answer to: If some important information
is not provided, (e.g., city, timezone, etc.), please try to infer that
information from the information provided and anything else you know about me.
If that is not enough, and I would be very likely to know the answer, please do
not produce the ICS file at first. Instead, first ask me about these things.
Then, once I've provided that information in natural language, please use the
information and continue as you otherwise would, ultimately responding with the
ICS file.

Uncertain details that I may not know the answer to: If the start date, start
time, end date, end time, or any other important information is unavailable or
unclear from the information I've provided and anything else you know about me,
and you think I would not know that information either, please make an educated
guess, and begin the title of the event with an asterisk in square brackets,
followed by a space, followed by the rest of the title, and at the end of the
event's description, please explain what you guessed in a paragraph that begins
with an asterisk, like a footnote.

Photographs: If a photograph is provided to you, please use your best judgement
in determining which information I probably intended to photograph. Information
which appears in the background or periphery of the photo is probably
information I did not intend to capture, and it can probably be ignored. Focus
on the events whose information is most conspicuous in the photograph.

Thank you very much for your help!
